
**Greetings!**

Thanks for your interest in **Fidelis Cybersecurity**. As part of our evaluation process we would like to compare apples to apples and give every candidate the same chance to unleash their creativity and demonstrate their awesome coding skills. 

This coding Challenge allows you to choose whatever JS library, CSS framework or building tools you like to create a simple application. We just want to get a sense of how you solve problems and get a feel for the type of code you write.

Your time is precious and we understand that this is an investment. We recommend to spend not more than 4 to 8 hours on this challenge and try to implement as many features as you can within this timeframe.

Preferably your application is written in Angular, but any other solution is also fine. Create a zip file or provide a GitHub repo link with your final solution containing a readme with instructions how to install and run the application. 

# The Challenge
The Fidelis Elevate Platform empowers cybersecurity professionals to collect information about their network environment and detect advanced threats. Your task is to build a UI for an analyst to display the alerts generated by the Elevate Platform.  

The app-wireframe.png is an idea how the app could look like and is meant to help you understand the requirements. 

### Basic Features
 - Load the data from alerts.json
 - Display a list of items
 - Clicking on a row will select an alert and display a detail view

### Advanced features
 - Show some stats by analyzing the data
 - Provide a search box to quickly filter the list
 - Clicking on a stat/filter item will filter the list view

### Bonus features
 - Pagination for the list view
 - Provide visualizations based on the data
 - Unit Tests

## Final Notes

 - Again, we use Angular 5 and Bootstrap, but feel free to use whatever
   tool, framework or library you feel comfortable with.
 - Please comment your code
 - Feel free to ask if you have any questions about the requirements or
   the challenge
 - You can discuss this with anyone you want or use google as much as you
   need, but it is important that **you** write the code and you have to be able to
   explain why you made certain implementation decisions
